content/learn.md add 2 new QA (#31)
Dasharo/dasharo-website: content/learn.md

        If you don’t have a solution yet, let Dasharo become your answer. [Contact us](/#get-a-quote)

    - title: What kind of consulting services that 3mdeb can provide other than online course?
      content: >-

>         In addition to training, we provide in-house development and maintenance to keep hardwar and softwar up to date, or provide ad-hoc support to your development team.

Reviewer: content is generally not wrapped in this file, but can we start wrapping new content?

Author: @pietrushnic Automatic wrapping (Alt+Q) dosen't wok, We would have to do it manually... worth it?

Reviewer: @MateuszKochner I have no idea what editor you use. My editor don't have any feature under Alt+Q.  Tools should not  prevent high quality content preparation. Please correctly configure tools you using.

I'm repeated argument about 80 character wrapping many times: https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v4.10/process/coding-style.html#breaking-long-lines-and-strings

This request is not about whim, but the way most programmers in open-source software world trained their brains.  Reviewing long lines is harder and slower.

Reviewer 2: @pietrushnic after wrapping all sections, render was broken (the point is we are using markdown header styling, not markdown content). I don't think effort of wrapping everything in this document is needed here.

Reviewer: @artur-rs it is very hard to me to do review in code that has not wrapped lines. I will not insist if this breaks wesbite, but it doesn't mean I think it is ok. Disagree and commit.

        If you don’t have a solution yet, let Dasharo become your answer. [Contact us](/#get-a-quote)

    - title: What kind of consulting services that 3mdeb can provide other than online courses?
      content: >-
         In addition to training, we provide in-house development and maintenance to keep hardware and software up to date or provide ad-hoc support to your development team.

    - title: Where I can find your GitHub/issues?
      content: >-
        - Visit [github.com/Dasharo](https://github.com/Dasharo) where you can find details about our company and repositories.

        - [Matrix Dasharo Space] is a place where you can find solutions to many problems and if not - our community will gladly help you. We encourage you to troubleshoot your open-source firmware issues there. Here is the invitation [Link](https://matrix.to/#/#dasharo:matrix.org).

>     - title: Can I have got Dasharo individually?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - title: Can I get the Dasharo individually?
```

      content: >-
        Yes, you can get it four ways:
        

>         - Join the newsletter with the latest firmware realease 

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner we should point to where user can subscribe

>         - Find firmware links products on our and client's websites

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner add link from the 3rd point here, as a `on our` method, then remove 3rd method. Use also more detailed description: try to help where users can find the download links (client's websites with desired products which supports Dasharo firmware). Example from NovaCustom should be nice.

        - Find "Supported hardware" on [Docs Dasharo](https://docs.dasharo.com/)

>         - Do it yourself, visit [github.com/Dasharo](https://github.com/Dasharo)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - Build it yourself, visit [github.com/Dasharo](https://github.com/Dasharo)
```
Plus let's point to the specific repository with coreboot fork.

        If you don’t have a solution yet, let Dasharo become your answer. [Contact us](/#get-a-quote)

    - title: What consulting services can 3mdeb provide beyond online courses?
      content: >-
         In addition to training, we provide in-house development and maintenance to keep hardware and software up to date or provide ad-hoc support to your development team.

    - title: Where I can find your GitHub/issues?
      content: >-

>         - Visit [github.com/Dasharo](https://github.com/Dasharo) where you can find details about our company and repositories.

Author: added

        - [Dasharo open-source firmware compatible with MSI PRO Z690-A release](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/aKgTJjYEA)

        - [Dasharo OSF vPub](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/0_K65I7ro)

        - [Dasharo Tools Suite](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/ttzqCq9fy)

        - [Dasharo Trustworthy Computing](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/w2Y2G4Rrj)

        - [Dell OptiPlex 7010/9010 Dasharo Release](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/8dp1vv5mR)

        - [NovaCustom Dasharo Release](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/T61MyO2sP)

        - [NovaCustom NS5x/7x 11th Generation Dasharo](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/4X0c3e5Y6)

        - [NovaCustom NS5x/7x 12th Generation Dasharo](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/RJrTXDhWR)

        - [NovaCustom NV4x 11th Generation Dasharo](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/S5ze5u_qN)

        - [NovaCustom NV4x 12th Generation Dasharo](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/ZkbNv4qdO)

        - [PC Engines Open Source Firmware Release](https://newsletter.3mdeb.com/subscription/ReBpt3IZY)

         Build it yourself, visit

>         - [github.com/Dasharo](https://github.com/Dasharo)

Author: corrected

    - title: What services include in the price plan?
      content: >-
        First, there is no license fee. By choosing the support package, we start cooperation for a longer period of at least half a year. The plan is presented at the beginning of each month. The payment depends on the senior developer's time worked. exceeding the working time inconsistent with the assumed plan is reported to the client. We also assume time for management and meetings with the client, which is necessary to run the project.

    - title: What pricing model do you offer?
      content: >-
        Dasharo’s pricing model does not rely on volume and since most components are open-source, you can always change vendor and re-own your firmware code. Dasharo can be purchased by OEM/ODM providers, community crowdfunding, individuals, companies that are looking for dedicated/confidential firmware solutions. To get more dedicated payment information, fill [Get a quote](/#get-a-quote).

    - title: Can I introduce UEFI firmware into my existing platform/estate?
      content: >-

>         i dont know

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner leave `TBD` in such cases

> # odwołanie do pytania Can I have got Dasharo individually?

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner do not use polish here

>     - title: Can I implement Coreboot (as boot fw) + iPXE (as payload) to my device?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - title: Can I implement coreboot (as boot fw) + iPXE (as payload) to my device?
```

      content: >-

>         i dont know

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner leave `TBD` in such cases

> # odwołanie do pytania Can I have got Dasharo individually?

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner do not use polish here

    - title: Can I port Core boot to use in my production environment?
      content: >-

> # odwołanie do pytania Can I have got Dasharo individually?

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner do not use polish here. Will you add such reference?

    - title: Can I design a BIOS base system or pre-boot software or environment that would forcefully install our management software itself
      content: >-
        Yes, this is possible.

>     - title: Can I develop, maintain and support such a software for common laptops, desktops produced by OEMs such as HP, Dell, and Lenovo?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - title: Can 3mdeb develop, maintain and support software for common laptops or desktops produced by OEMs such as HP, Dell, and Lenovo?
```

      content: >-

>         Yes, we would be but details of the such project should be discussed. How we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Yes, but details of such project should be discussed beforehand. How we
```

>         typically operate:

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner maybe it's better to link our sales pipeline from 3mdeb website?

    - title: What is the payment policy and who pays for Dasharo?
      content: >-
        Typically, firmware solutions are sold through royalty payment or subscription-based models. The first option relies on the volume of offered products, what effectively eliminates industries with low volume but high-value platforms e.g. medical robots. Subscription-based models, although better, are still tied to firmware solution providers and similarly lead to all the scope of negative effects of vendor lock-in. 

>     - title: What services include in the price plan?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - title: What services are included in the price plan?
```

Author: corrected

      content: >-

>         First, there is no license fee. By choosing the support package, we start cooperation for a longer period of at least half a year. The plan is presented at the beginning of each month. The payment depends on the senior developer's time worked. exceeding the working time inconsistent with the assumed plan is reported to the client. We also assume time for management and meetings with the client, which is necessary to run the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        First, there is no license fee. By choosing the support package, we start cooperation for a longer period of at least half a year. The plan is presented at the beginning of each month. The payment depends on the senior developer's time worked. The amount of remaining budget is reported at least once a month via e-mail message to the Client. We also assume time for management and status/planning meetings with the client.
```

    - title: What pricing model do you offer?
      content: >-
        Dasharo’s pricing model does not rely on volume and since most components are open-source, you can always change vendor and re-own your firmware code. Dasharo can be purchased by OEM/ODM providers, community crowdfunding, individuals, companies that are looking for dedicated/confidential firmware solutions. To get more dedicated payment information, fill [Get a quote](/#get-a-quote).

    - title: Can I introduce UEFI firmware into my existing platform/estate?
      content: >-

>         [Find out here](//localhost:1313/pages/learn/#q-general-9)

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner that's not a correct link - see the examples above, like in the `Get a quote`.

Author: corrected

    - title: Can I implement coreboot (as boot fw) + iPXE (as payload) to my device?
      content: >-

>         [Find out here](//localhost:1313/pages/learn/#q-general-9)

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner that's not a correct link - see the examples above, like in the `Get a quote`.

Author: corrected

>     - title: Can I port Core boot to use in my production environment?

Author: corrected

      content: >-

>         [Find out here](//localhost:1313/pages/learn/#q-general-9)

Reviewer 2: @MateuszKochner that's not a correct link - see the examples above, like in the `Get a quote`.

Author: corrected

>     - title: Can I design a BIOS base system or pre-boot software or environment that would forcefully install our management software itself

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - title: Can I design a BIOS base system or pre-boot software or environment that would forcefully install our management software itself?
```

Author: poprawiłem

      content: >-

>         Yes, this is possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Yes, this is possible. Technical details should be discussed on the dedicated meeting.
```

Author: poprawiłem
